You have one new voice mail.
Good morning.
It’s John.
It’s your first day today, isn’t it?
I guess you’re nervous.
But when you get the taste of it,
I know you will love it.
Don’t forget to say a little prayer.
Well, morning worship is in the dining room,
and thank you so much for helping us out.
You can sit here if you like.
My name is Brian, and this is my wife, Emily.
Hi.
Good morning, brothers and sisters,
and welcome to our Morning Worship program.
We’re going to start by . . .
Thanks for your input, everyone,
into our safety meeting.
If you go over to see him,
he’ll tell you what you’re doing.
Good morning, everyone.
Morning.
Today, our goal
is to finish all these three rooms.
Let’s get some tools for you too.
These are for you.
Nervous?
Yeah, a little bit.
Don’t worry; we’re going to have fun today.
Let’s go.
You do it like that; you go nice and slow.
Would you like to try?
I think it’s time for lunch.
Brilliant morning.
Hello, number three in the front, my brother.
I’ve been here more than two years,
and I really love it.
Want to check it out?
Oh, let me get some more.
Hi.
That looks amazing.
It’s done.
We did it!
Cheese.
Bye!
I just wanted to know
how your first day went.